# Back Story
### 7 Years Ago

`[PROMPT] Enter seed between 2300 - 3500[PROMPT] Enter name[PROMPT] Select character type`

In the year <SEED_NUMBER-7> the a top secret lab under  watch of the **Unified Government** had created time travel. The technology was still in its infancy when an under paid researcher decided he was owed a bonus, and used the technology to *liberate* some gold from the **Spanish Armada**.

He promised it would be a one time thing. A quick jump back, arriving in the secure inner holds of a sailing vessel which were off limits to the crew ensured that he wouldn't be seen.

It was almost too easy, and his greed too great. He broke his promise and made many more jumps, each time getting more brazen. Targeting larger ships with better payouts. Never having an issue.

~\~~\~

Until a miscalculation put him on a ship that was no longer part of the **Armada**'s fleet. **Black Flag**s flew from it's mast, and  he was not alone in the **Storage Hold**.

A face framed by smoke that eminated from the bearer's beard filled the researcher's vision. Then the hand leveling a **flint-lock gun** became the only thing he saw.

The pistol flashed.

### Dystopia

Using a strange device found on a man who appeared from thin air, a vengeful pirate and his entire crew stormed the research lab, laying waste to anyone and everything they deemed of no value, and stealing everything else.

Reaching the core of the lab, a **Pirate Leader** was mesmerized by the jewel encased in glowing electricity. Promising pain and most likely a grave, to any who dare touch it, was balanced by the value its wielder would acquire.

The thought of such a painful death may have been enough to drive any other pirate away. But not this one.

Without a second's hesitation he reached out, took hold of the gem at the core of the **Chronometer**, and broke the world.

### Present Day

It's been seven years since a black-ops machine was short-circuited, and sent a ripple through the very fabric of time.

The Mixing, shifting, shuffling, and scattering of the timeline merged remnants of previous eras with the current. Water levels rose, entire cities were swallowed into the depths of the Earth. Technology has become unreliable at best, and lethal more often than not. Animals which had been extinct for millions of years now swim in the seas and soar in the skies. **Knights** battle **Samauri**. Impossible creatures swarmed from the the ripple, taking root in all corners of the world. Much of the world's population mutated, getting ensnared by the **Ripple** and becoming **Skewed**

Humankind is but a shadow of what it once was. Society collapsed, anarchy grew. Those who couldn't adapt, or were too soft for the new world were obliterated. The strongest, most ruthless of those that remained became the **Sovereign**. Ruling with an iron fist the. stay in power with *brute-force* and the *fear* it inspires.

### Single Opportunity

The **Unified Government** has been surving in secret.
Gathering intelligence about the **Sovereign** and creating a taskforce whose sole purpose is driven by an unproven concept more likely to fail than succeed.

<CHAR_NAME> is the leader of the operation. Tasked with bringing down the **Sovereign**, and regaining the **Chronometer** by confronting the man who started it all.

The remainder of the world is horrified by a man who defined terror in his original time, and now reigns from a **Stealth Fortress** accessible only when all **Sovereign**s simultaneously present their individual **Item of Reign**

The mission begins now, A *Single Opportunity* exists to end the nightmare.

Can you bring down the **Sovereign**
Can you acquire the 8 **Items of Reign**
Can you defeat the **Pirate** responsible for the devastation?
Can you unlock the secrets of the **Chronomoter** and restore the timeline to its Original State?